[slider] Adjust css to match the specification (#26632)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

  +<Slider onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent, value: unknown) => {}} />
  ```

- The `ValueLabelComponent` and `ThumbComponent` prop is now part of the `components` prop.

  ```diff
  <Slider
  -  ValueLabelComponent={CustomValueLabel}
  -  ThumbComponent={CustomThumb}
  +  components={{
  +    ValueLabel: CustomValueLabel,
  +    Thumb: CustomThumb,
  +  }}
  />
  ```

- Rework the CSS to match the latest [Material Design guidelines](https://material.io/components/sliders) and make custom styles more intuitive. [See documentation](/components/slider/).

>   <a href="/components/slider/#continuous-sliders"><img width="247" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/121884800-a8808600-cd13-11eb-8cdf-e25de8f1ba73.png" style="margin: auto"></a>

Reviewer: To help in the migration?

```suggestion
  <a href="/components/slider/#continuous-sliders"><img width="247" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/121884800-a8808600-cd13-11eb-8cdf-e25de8f1ba73.png" style="margin: auto"></a>
  
  You can reduce the density of the slider, closer to v4 with the [`size="small"` prop](/components/slider/#sizes).
```

Author: added

  +<Slider components={{ Thumb: CustomThumb }} />
  ```

> - CSS rework to match material design spec and make custom styles more intuitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rework the CSS of the slide to match the latest Material Design guidelines and make custom styles more intuitive.
```

>   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18292247/121712974-85cd5200-cb06-11eb-9776-f80ec10f48d1.png)

Reviewer: The image doesn't display correctly on my screen: 1. subpixels issue 2. size fidelity issue. It feels strange/cheap.

Author: updated to

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18292247/121830324-fa62e500-ccee-11eb-9aa5-7c802f497b36.png)

Reviewer: I get the size fidelity issue with the updated version. I will push a change to share what I had in mind, then we can compare, see if it's an improvement or not.
